Fix failed payments with empty source token (#2030)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

= 5.x.x - 2021-xx-xx =

> * Fix - Failed payments for pre-orders and subscriptions with an empty source token.

Reviewer: I think the phrasing here could be fixed a bit; we're not really describing the fix. Maybe something along the lines of this?

```suggestion
* Fix - Payments for pre-orders and subscriptions with an empty source token now work as intended.
```
